# DownloadFromTableRequest

A CSV table download request.
## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**additional_filters** | **[object]** | Appends additional filters to the SQL query. These are applied before facets. Filters within the list have an AND relationship. If a WHERE clause already exists on the SQL query or facets are selected, it will also be ANDed with the query generated by these additional filters.  | [optional] 
**include_entity_etag** | **bool** | Optional, default false. When true, a query results against views will include the Etag of each entity in the results. Note: The etag is necessary to update Entities in the view.  | [optional] 
**limit** | **int** | The optional limit to the results | [optional] 
**offset** | **int** | The optional offset into the results | [optional] 
**selected_facets** | [**[FacetColumnRequest]**](FacetColumnRequest.md) | The selected facet filters. | [optional] 
**sort** | [**[SortItem]**](SortItem.md) | To sort values | [optional] 
**sql** | **str** | The SQL query string. | [optional] 
**concrete_type** | **str** | Concrete Type | [optional] 
**csv_table_descriptor** | [**CsvTableDescriptor**](CsvTableDescriptor.md) |  | [optional] 
**entity_id** | **str** | Entity Id | [optional] 
**include_row_id_and_row_version** | **bool** | Should the first two columns contain the row ID and row version? The default value is &#39;true&#39;.  | [optional]  if omitted the server will use the default value of True
**write_header** | **bool** | Should the first line contain the columns names as a header in the resulting file? Set to &#39;true&#39; to include the headers else, &#39;false&#39;. The default value is &#39;true&#39;.  | [optional]  if omitted the server will use the default value of True
**any string name** | **bool, date, datetime, dict, float, int, list, str, none_type** | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


